# Project Title - A Lazy Person's Budget Tracker

This software system would solve the issue of keeping track of your budget. Many people underestimate or are unaware of how much they're actually spending in their day to day lives or in their business. Many people don't have easy access to a resource that can help control their budget. That's why I believe a budget tracker is important. This software system will be first and foremost designed for mass consumers, but it can be tailored for businesses as well (with regards to revenue and expenses).

From the normal mass consumer's perspective, the app can allow them to set their salaries and obligatory expenses (such as rent/mortgage payment, utility bills). The app can then give the user the option to set their own monthly budgets for specific categories (such as food, entertainment, etc) or they can allow the app to make the budgets for them based on their salary and necessary expenses. The app can do this same thing for setting a total monthly budget. When logging in expenses, the app will tell the user if they are nearing or if they're over their budget limit for the month for either a specific category or in general. At the end of the month, the app will tell the user how much money they saved or lost in respect to their budget limit. Additionally, a lot of these functions can apply to business owners when it comes to revenue and expenses such as employee salaries and additional business specific costs. The system would fill a nice medium in between being too easy and too ambitious because while a budget tracker seems simple enough, its design, UI experience and functionality need to be attractive and easy enough to get more people on board with it. Additional functionality can also be included to help improve the user's experience should it be needed.